DOCSP-33790 Deployment Considerations Content (#136)
mongodb/docs-relational-migrator: source/installation/system-requirements.txt

.. _rm-system-requirements:

===================
System Requirements
===================

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

The following page outlines the system requirements for using Relational 
Migrator. For additional details on where to run Relation Migrator, see 
:ref:`rm-colocation`.

Hardware
--------

Computer (can be a local desktop/labtop or remote server), 
Virtual Machine or Docker Container with at least 8GB of RAM 

> (16GB or more recommended).

Reviewer: I'm a little confused here, are these three separate things? (Computer, VM, Docker Container)? Bullets might help?

Network
-------

Deploy Relational Migrator to a location close to the destination 

> databases to maximise bandwidth and minimise latency. For additional 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
databases to maximize bandwidth and minimize latency. For additional 
```

> databases to maximise bandwidth and minimise latency. For additional 

Reviewer: Consider rewriting this sentence as "To (x), (do y)"

> To maximize bandwidth and minimize latency, deploy RM to...

details, see :ref:`rm-colocation`.

Operating System
----------------

> 

Reviewer: Consider introducing this list with something like:

"You can run Relational Migrator on one of the following operating systems: "

- Windows 10 or higher
- Windows Server 2016 or higher
- MacOS 11 or higher (Intel or ARM)

> - Linux (supported Debian or CentOS based distributions)

Reviewer: Are only Debian and CentOS supported? This isn't totally clear to me.

- Docker, running on a host supporting the Docker client

Web Browser
-----------

> Current supported versions of Chrome (or Chromium-based browsers), 

Reviewer: Maybe use bullets here.

You can use Relational Migrator in one of the following web browsers:

- Current supported versions of Chrome (or Chromium-based browsers)
- Edge
- ...

Edge, Firefox or Safari.

Kafka Deployments
-----------------

> Optional component, recommended for long-running sync jobs. For details

Reviewer: Not totally sure what we're saying is optional here. I think writing this as a more complete sentence would help.

"You can optionally use Kafka for long-running sync jobs. For details..."

see :ref:`kafka-intro`.

Supported Databases
-------------------

> :ref:`supported-databases`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See :ref:`supported-databases`.
```

.. _rm-system-requirements:

===================
System Requirements
===================

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

The following page outlines the system requirements for using Relational 
Migrator. For additional details on where to run Relation Migrator, see 
:ref:`rm-colocation`.

Hardware
--------

You can run Relational Migrator in multiple ways:

- Computer (can be a local desktop/labtop)

> - Remote server (EC2, Azure VM, or Google compute engine instance)

Reviewer 2: Can we add a note that you must control RM through a web browser, which requires either:
 - Loading a browser on the machine running RM (locally or using Windows RDP or similar)
 - Accessing remotely, which requires configuring RM in Unattended mode

- Virtual Machine 
- Docker Container 

Memory
------

The machine running the Relational Migrator application requires a 
minimum of 8GB of RAM. For best performance, we recommend having 16GB 
of RAM or more.

Network
-------

Deploy Relational Migrator to a location close to the destination 
databases to maximize bandwidth and minimize latency. For additional 
details, see :ref:`rm-colocation`.

Operating System
----------------

You can run Relational Migrator on any of the following operating 
systems:

- Windows 10 or higher
- Windows Server 2016 or higher
- MacOS 11 or higher (Intel or ARM)
- Linux - Debian / Ubuntu
- Linux - Redhat / CentOS 
- Docker

Web Browser
-----------

> You can use Relational Migrator in any of the following web browsers:

Reviewer 2: Should say "latest versions of"

- Chrome (or Chromium-based browsers)
- Edge
- Firefox 
- Safari

Kafka Deployments
-----------------

You can optionally use Kafka for long-running sync jobs. For details.
see :ref:`kafka-intro`.

Supported Databases
-------------------

> See :ref:`supported-databases`.

Reviewer 2: We should also link to the sync prerequisites page.
